---
layout: post
title: Freedom Hour
subtitle: The American Solution for Daylight Savings Time
cover-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/thumb.png
share-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
tags: [time, freedom, America]
author: Sam Monterola
---                     
   The implementation of daylight savings time in the United States is the biggest debate of all time. Proponents of daylight savings time argue that the policy can save energy, reduce accidents and crime, and grant us a sweet extra hour of sleep/productivity in the fall. However, opponents contend that the benefits are clouded over by the tolls of time changes on the human body. In essence, it seems the extra hour brightens up our productive lives while the lost hour darkens our exhausted souls. “Should we continue the implementation of daylight savings time?” as a yes/no question is the wrong thing to ask. Given the cost-benefit analysis of this temporal conundrum, I believe that the best way to handle the situation is to liberate ourselves from our single celebrated fallback and dreaded spring forward each year. The best way to tackle this issue is to take all the good without the bad. The proper answer to the yes/no question is to say: yes BUT. Jumping forward and backward once a year is too complicated and misguided. The simplest solution is often the best solution. The easier, most obvious, and proper solution is to fall back by one hour every day. By adding this “Freedom Hour” each day, Americans would have more free time, be safer, and be more patriotic Americans.

   The joy of the Freedom Hour should not be restricted to Americans just once every year, but rather be given as a right every day. According to Source ME, “The extra hour gives me much appreciated time to catch up on sleep and homework.” This makes it clear that extra time in the day would be beneficial for everyone. Students around the nation would study better with more time. American parents would spend more time with their beautiful children in their white suburban middle-class neighborhoods. Young children would spend more time on social media and spend more money on microtransactions in gacha games. The most patriotic defenders of America’s defining amendment would be able to spend more time on the gun range in preparation for their reunion at the capital. Overall, Americans would be more productive and happier with more freedom with their increased free time. It is a win-win for everyone.

   Given that daylight savings reduces crime and accidents, drastically increasing the frequency of time changes from bi-yearly to daily would mean drastically increasing the safety of American citizens. The relationship between the two is simple. “Correlation means causation.” Given that studies show an inverse relationship between sunlight-related crime and accidents and daylight savings, the only people who could possibly oppose this new policy to keep Americans safe would be for-profit hospitals. So unless you are a capitalist hospital owner among us, there should be no reason why you would oppose the addition of the daily Freedom Hour.
  
   Some would point out that Americans would be the only people to adopt this revolutionary system and that they would be alone in adopting this so-called crazy “Freedom Hour.” However, the fact that this proposal would only be implemented in the United States is actually a good thing to encourage patriotic pride. In fact, it is kind of our thing as Americans to be different. “I’m not like the other countries” (Declaration of Independence). Just like our desperate clinging to the Imperial measuring system over the Metric system, Americans know how to be proud of their individuality. As the only country to adopt the Freedom Hour, Americans would be united in their 25-hour daily lives. While the other counties would be sleeping at 0005 hours, we would be hard at work pulling ourselves up by our bootstraps and achieving the American Dream at 2405 hours. The freedom hour truly represents what it means to be American: different, proud, and insane.

This story is produced with the help of platinum sponsors: Serta, Rolex
